Mcr/blog get more value (#2312)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: site/_posts/2023-07-11-get-more-value-out-of-fusionauth.md

<!--more-->

## Introduction
*“A new user with extra pickles, please.”*

Customizing the order for your favorite food can make a good meal better. Customizing your end-users' experience with user maintenance can make their experience with your application even better.

For any [secure application](/articles/security/steps-secure-your-authentication-system), user maintenance is a must. As a developer, you can often overlook the time and effort it takes to maintain the users access and permissions for the shiny new application you created. In an ideal world, you do not want to be the ones to maintain the users. You want to give the task of user maintenance to the power users of the applications by making them application administrators. While those power users may be great at using the application, you don’t necessarily want to make them expert users of the FusionAuth admin interface. Well, we at FusionAuth would think it would be great if everyone was a master with it, but you may not share that same vision.

> Imagine you have an applicaiton that controls a machine that applies the toppings to a burger. Custom Buger, the popular new burger joint just bought your application. The tech-savvy manger, Sally Power-User, has been given admin rights. Sally, just hired Joe Limited-Access to work the night shift. She now needs to add Joe as a user of your application. She needs to ensure Joe can add pickles to a burger order but make sure he does not have access to the apply the famous Flaming Carolina Reaper Sauce until he goes through training. Your application will have to support this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Imagine you have an applicaiton that controls a machine that applies the toppings to a burger. Custom Burger, the popular new burger joint just bought your application. The tech-savvy manger, Sally Power-User, has been given admin rights. Sally, just hired Joe Limited-Access to work the night shift. She now needs to add Joe as a user of your application. She needs to ensure Joe can add pickles to a burger order but make sure he does not have access to the apply the famous Flaming Carolina Reaper Sauce until he goes through training. Your application will have to support this.
```

Please copy and paste this post into google docs and run spell/grammar check on it.

Author: Done.  Rookie mistake.

Newer developers should be aware the examples below are written with the assumption that you are familiar with how to make REST calls using the [HttpClient](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.http.httpclient?view=net-7.0) in C#, the use of [asynchronous](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/asynchronous-programming/) calls and Windows Forms applications. In order for the sample application to run you must have a working [FusionAuth server](/docs/v1/tech/5-minute-setup-guide). Even if you are not totally familiar with these concepts, you will likely be able to follow the code snippets with general programming knowledge. If you need a refresher on some of these topics, there are some links at the end.

> If you are only insterested in jumping into the code, it can be found [here][https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-dotnet-windowsform-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are only insterested in jumping into the code, it can be found [here](https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-dotnet-windowsform-api).
```

Reviewer: Also, please add this to _data/exampleapps.yml. This is a super cool example.

{% include _image.liquid src="/assets/img/blogs/get-more-value/fusionauth-windows-api-demo-front-end.png" alt="FusionAuth Windows API Demo Front End." class="img-fluid" figure=false %}

You can also take this chance to validate any information deemed relevant to your application. The logic in the `IsUserValid` function can be edited to suit your needs. In this sample application it simply returns true. I know, not very creative, but useful in the demo.  You can also validate age, location or anything else you choose. Once the validation is successful, you will then pass the user object to the method that will submit your request to the FusionAuth server. Validating input like this will ensure Sally Power-User enters the correct information for the system everytime she adds and new employee.

It is important to note that the `FusionAuthClient` that has been created for this applications handles the setting of the [API Key](/docs/v1/tech/apis/api-keys#overview) and location of the FusionAuth server. These settings are stored in the `App.settings` file for the project.

{% comment %}
{% convert code to RemoteInclude with tags for this section when converting to Astro %}

> {% RemoteCode url="https://github.com/FusionAuth/fusionauth-example-dotnet-windowsform-api/edit/main/sourcecode/FusionAuthAPIDemoFrontEnd/Form1.cs" lang="c#" tags="btnCreateUser" %}

Reviewer: Nice!

      //initialize the return value 
      ReturnValue returnVal = new ReturnValue()
      {
        success = false
      };

      try
      {
        //set the endpoint for creating a user
        string apiURL = $"/api/user";

        var payload = JsonConvert.SerializeObject(userToCreate);
        var content = new StringContent(payload, Encoding.UTF8, "application/json");

        HttpResponseMessage response = await httpClient.PostAsync($"{FUSIONAUTH_HOST}{apiURL}", content);

        if (response.IsSuccessStatusCode)
        {

          string responseBody = await response.Content.ReadAsStringAsync();
          JObject result = JObject.Parse(responseBody);
          returnVal.success = true;
          //assign the newly created user id to the result
          returnVal.result = result["user"]["id"].ToString();
        }

      }
      catch (Exception ex)
      {
        Console.WriteLine($"There was an error in the request {ex.Message}");
        returnVal.result = ex.Message;
      }

      return returnVal;
    }
```

## User Workflow with FusionAuth APIs
*“Amateurs do it till they get it right. Professionals do it until they can not get it wrong.”*

> You may have originally set up the users manually in the FusionAuth admin user interface and that is fine to get started. However, as you add more steps and requirements to creating a user, the more likely something will be missed. There can be several steps required to set up a user correctly such as making sure they belong to the correct group(s). While you may be infallible as a developer and get it right every time, wink wink, most likely your users will not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may have originally set up the users manually in the FusionAuth admin user interface and that is fine to get started. However, the more steps and requirements you have for creating a user, the more likely something will be missed. There can be several steps required to set up a user correctly such as making sure they belong to the correct group(s). While you may be infallible as a developer and get it right every time, wink wink, most likely your users will not.
```

I have found it helpful to read a post aloud to see if there are any awkward turns of phrase.

> You can use the FusionAuth APIs to ensure the user is added to the correct group or groups so their permissions will be set properly. After the user is created, you can take this opportunity to automatically assign the user to a specific group or present an admin interface to the administrator that will guide them in selecting the proper group(s). You can ensure Sally Power-User cannot add Joe Limited-Access to the Flaming Carolina Reaper Sauce Appliers on the day she creates him as a user because you know he has not had time to go through the training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the FusionAuth APIs to ensure the user is added to the correct group or groups so their permissions will be set properly. After the user is created, you can take this opportunity to automatically assign the user to a specific group or present an admin interface to the administrator that will guide them in selecting the proper group(s). For example, you can ensure Sally Power-User cannot add Joe Limited-Access to the Flaming Carolina Reaper Sauce Appliers on the day she creates him as a user because you know he has not had time to go through the training.
```

---
layout: blog-post

> title: Get More Value Out of FusionAuth Using the APIs for User Maintenance

Reviewer: We'll have Brad do an SEO review, but I think the good part of this tutorial is that you are using a windows form app, so why not mention it in the title?

Author: I think the windows form thing is good, but all of this applies to any form of customization.  I dow have windows form in the tags, but will defer to Brad.

<!--more-->

<br>

## Introduction
*“A new user with extra pickles, please.”*

Customizing the order for your favorite food can make a good meal better. Customizing your end-users' experience with user maintenance can make their experience with your application even better.

For any [secure application](/articles/security/steps-secure-your-authentication-system), user maintenance is a must. As developers, we can often overlook the time and effort it takes to maintain the users access and permissions for the shiny new application we created. In an ideal world, we do not want to be the ones to maintain the users. We want to give the task of user maintenance to the power users of the applications by making them application administrators. While those power users may be great at using the application, you don’t necessarily want to make them expert users of the FusionAuth front end. Well, we at FusionAuth would think it would be great if everyone was a master with our front end, but you may not share that same vision.

> We can harness the full power of FusionAuth in our application, hand off the user maintenance to the power users, and make it seamless for them. The application will need to ensure the user enters the correct information (**Validation**), guide them through setting up the new user correctly (**Workflow**), and we want to make the process feel like it is part of our application (**Branding**). We can accomplish all these through the use of the FusionAuth APIs.

Author: Do you mean something like "The application will need to ensure the **end** user enters the correct information" or like "The application will need to ensure **that Joe User** enters the correct information"

> We can harness the full power of FusionAuth in our application, hand off the user maintenance to the power users, and make it seamless for them. The application will need to ensure the user enters the correct information (**Validation**), guide them through setting up the new user correctly (**Workflow**), and we want to make the process feel like it is part of our application (**Branding**). We can accomplish all these through the use of the FusionAuth APIs.

Reviewer: The second. You could even set up the story a bit above in line with your quotes. "Imagine you are selling a virtual cash register application. You have a customer, Joe Lettuce, who you want to add to your system, since Joe just bought your app for his restaurant 'Joe's salads'. You need to make sure your employee, Susie Carrot, enters Joes information correctly and quickly. "....etc etc.

> We can harness the full power of FusionAuth in our application, hand off the user maintenance to the power users, and make it seamless for them. The application will need to ensure the user enters the correct information (**Validation**), guide them through setting up the new user correctly (**Workflow**), and we want to make the process feel like it is part of our application (**Branding**). We can accomplish all these through the use of the FusionAuth APIs.

Author: love this suggestion, added.  let me know it works for you.

The examples below are written with the assumption that you are familiar with how to make REST calls using the [HttpClient](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/system.net.http.httpclient?view=net-7.0) in C#, the use of [asynchronous](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/csharp/asynchronous-programming/) calls and Windows Forms applications.  In order for the sample application to run you must have a [working FusionAuth server](/docs/v1/tech/5-minute-setup-guide). Even if you are not totally familiar with these concepts, the snippets should be easy enough to follow with general programming knowledge. If you need a refresher on some of these topics, there are some links at the end.

> <br>

Reviewer: Why do you have this?

Author: I wanted to give some context to the sample code and allow the newer developers a chance to brush up on the technology if they were not familiar with it.  I can see your point though and will remove.

Reviewer: It's okay to have it, I was asking. I think explaining why you mention it would give the context.

Reviewer: I meant the <br> tag, sorry for being imprecise.

Author: updated

## Custom Validation with FusionAuth APIs
*“With great power, comes great responsibility!”*

> One of FusionAuth’s strengths is its flexibility. However, with the flexibility comes some complexity. To create a user in the FusionAuth front-end, you only need one piece of information. You will need to supply either the username or the email. (If you are using multiple tenants, you will need the tenant ID as well.) The front end gives you other optional fields to fill in as well, however none are required. When using the [Create a User API](/docs/v1/tech/apis/users#create-a-user), only the username or email is still required but there are also over 30 additional request parameters available for customization. Creating a custom front end around the APIs will not only allow you to choose which of the username or email fields to use, but also what other meta-data is appropriate and required for your application. Below is sample code for creating a user using the FusionAuth API.

Reviewer: What do you mean by the FusionAuth front-end? The hosted login pages? The admin UI?

Reviewer: When adding a user, you need username/email and a password. And you probably want to register a user to an application as well.

Author: Updated

> <br>

Reviewer: Let's get rid of all of these `<br>`s, please, as it doesn't fit the standard FusionAuth blog format.

> ### **Setup**

Reviewer: True for all the headers.

First, we need to create a few objects to hold some values. By constructing the classes and decorating properties with the proper attributes, we can still use the strongly typed objects and standard naming conventions in our C# application while also using the JSON Serializer to easily format the request body when it is time.

```cs

> //For User object

Reviewer: Let's pull the code in via the `remote_include` tag from your sample gh repo. see site/_posts/2023-04-26-nextjs-single-sign-on.md for an example.

Reviewer: You also should link to the GH repo at the beginning and say something like "If you'd like to just jump into the code, here's the repo".

Author: Is there a way to only select part of the code in a file.  I found something on tags and the | (pipe) but didn't seem to work.  I think I can re-work the app to make it a little more clean if not.

Author: Since we cannot include snippets until we move to astro, I edited the application to break down the code in a bit more modular fashion and have included as remote_includes.  For others, I thought it looked too cluttered and made it hard to follow.  For those I commented the code for the includes to the snippets when we convert to astro.

public class User
{
    [JsonProperty(PropertyName = "user")]
    public UserProperties UserProperties;
}

public class UserProperties
{
    [JsonProperty(PropertyName = "firstname")]
    public string FirstName;
    [JsonProperty(PropertyName = "lastname")]
    public string LastName;
    [JsonProperty(PropertyName = "email")]
    public string Email;
    [JsonProperty(PropertyName = "password")]
    public string Password;
}
```

<br>

### **Input**

> Next, we need to take the input from the user and assign them to the values in our User object. In this case, I am performing those actions on a click event from a windows form. We can also take this chance to validate any information deemed relevant to your application. The logic in the IsUserValid function can be edited to suit your needs. Once the validation is successful, we will then pass the user object to the method that will submit our request to the FusionAuth server.

Reviewer: Not a webapp? That's worth highlighting.

Any references to function names should be enclosed in backticks: `IsUserValid` for example.

```cs
private async void btnCreateUser_Click(object sender, EventArgs e)
{
    //FusionAuthClient is a class that contains the logic to call the FusionAuth APIs

>     var faClient = new FusionAuthClient();

Reviewer: Does this work? Don't you need to provide URL and API key to the client?

    UserProperties userProperties = new UserProperties()
    {
        Email = txtEmail.Text,
        FirstName = txtFirstName.Text,
        LastName = txtLastName.Text,
        Password = txtPassword.Text
        //add additional properties here
    };

    User userToCreate = new User()
    {
        UserProperties = userProperties
    };

>     //perform custom validation logic in the IsUserValid method

Reviewer: Any reason not to share the `IsUserValid` logic? Seems like that would be interesting to see.

    if (IsUserValid(userToCreate))
    {
        ReturnValue userCreatedReturnValue = await faClient.CreateUser(userToCreate);
        if (userCreatedReturnValue.success == true)
        {
            LogResults($"User created with ID: {userCreatedReturnValue.result}");
        }
        else
        {
            LogResults($"User creation failed. {userCreatedReturnValue.result}");
        }
    }
    else
    {
        LogResults($"User data provided is invalid");
    }
}
```
<br>

### **User Creation**

> Because we decorated our User objects correctly using the JSONProperty attribute, we can use the JSON Serializer to serialize the object with the simple JsonConvert.SerializeObject method. We also need to encode it properly before we submit it. Once that is complete, we can submit the request to the FusionAuth server. We do so here using the async pattern so as to not hold up the processing for a request that may take some time or give the application an unresponsive feel. Once we receive the return values, we can interrogate them and act accordingly.

Reviewer: Let's avoid the words `easy` and `simple`. It might not be for our reader.

Author: good advice

```cs
public async Task<ReturnValue> CreateUser(User userToCreate)
{
    //returns HttpClient with correct setting for instance

>     HttpClient httpClient = GetClient();

Reviewer: What is `GetClient` doing here?

Reviewer: Any reason not to use the FusionAuth netcore client library?

Author: No reason not to use the FusionAuth client.  When I was creating it, I just wanted to use the generic http client in case I was asked to port it over to another technology.

    //initialize the return value 
    ReturnValue returnVal = new ReturnValue()
    {
        success = false
    };

    try
    {
        //set the endpoint for creating a user
        string apiURL = $"/api/user";

        var payload = JsonConvert.SerializeObject(userToCreate);
        var content = new StringContent(payload, Encoding.UTF8, "application/json");

>         HttpResponseMessage response = await httpClient.PostAsync($"{Constants.BASE_URL}{apiURL}", content);

Reviewer: Does this work? Where's the authorization header?

        if (response.IsSuccessStatusCode)
        {
            
            string responseBody = await response.Content.ReadAsStringAsync();
            JObject result = JObject.Parse(responseBody);
            returnVal.success = true;
            //assign the newly created user id to the result
            returnVal.result = result["user"]["id"].ToString();
        }

    }
    catch (Exception ex)
    {
        Console.WriteLine($"There was an error in the request {ex.Message}");
        returnVal.result = ex.Message;
    }
    

    return returnVal;
}
```

<br>

## User Workflow with FusionAuth APIs
*“Amateurs do it till they get it right. Professionals do it until they can not get it wrong.”*

> You may have originally set up the users manually in the FusionAuth front end and that is fine to get started. However, as we add more steps and requirements to creating a user, the more likely something will be missed. There can be several steps required to set up a user correctly such as making sure they belong to the correct group(s). While we may be infallible as developers and get it right every time, most likely our users will not.

Author: done

We can use the FusionAuth APIs to ensure the user is added to the correct group or groups so their permissions will be set properly. After the user is created, we can take this opportunity to automatically assign the user to a specific group or present a front end to the administrator that will guide them in selecting the proper group(s).

<br>

> ### **Setup**

Author: Updated

> Once again we will need to create a few objects to help us organize our groups. The [Add Users to a Group API](/docs/v1/tech/apis/groups#add-users-to-a-group) call we are using requires a collection of groups that each contain an array of user information. In this case, we will only be using the user ID for the new GroupUser information.

Author: updated

```cs
//For Group object
public class Group
{
    public string ID;
    public List<GroupUser> Users;
}

public class GroupUser
{
    [JsonProperty(PropertyName = "userId")]
    public string UserID;
}
```
<br>

### **Input**
As with creating the user, we need to take the input from the application and assign the values to our Group objects. We can also validate any data we want before actually adding the user to the group. After we are satisfied the user should be added, we can submit the information to the method that will submit our request to the FusionAuth server.

```cs
private async void btnAddUserToGroup_Click(object sender, EventArgs e)
{
    //FusionAuthClient is a class that contains the logic to call  the FusionAuth APIs
    var faClient = new FusionAuthClient();

    List<GroupUser> users = new List<GroupUser>()
    {
        new GroupUser() 
        {
            UserID = txtUserIDToAddToGroup.Text
        }
    };

    Group group = new Group();

>     group.ID = txtGroupIDToAddTo.Text;

Author: 100%, but I wrote this based on the sample app I created for the interview which was intended as a vehicle for my discussion with Andy.  I will update the sample app to align better with the Custom Burger story.

>     group.ID = txtGroupIDToAddTo.Text;

Author: updated sample app to populate and use drop-downs

    group.Users = users;

    List<Group> groups = new List<Group>();
    groups.Add(group);

    //perform custom validation logic here

>     if (IsGroupValid(group))

Reviewer: Again, would love to see this code.

Author: will do

    {
        ReturnValue addUserToGroupReturnValue = await faClient.AddUserToGroup(groups);
        if (addUserToGroupReturnValue.success == true)
        {
            LogResults($"User has been added to the group: {addUserToGroupReturnValue.result}");
        }
        else
        {
            LogResults($"Adding the user to the group has failed. {addUserToGroupReturnValue.result}");
        }
    }
    else
    {
        LogResults($"User and/or group data provided is invalid");
    }
}
```

<br>

### **Add the User to the Group**

> Because the JSON format expected in the request body is not readily serializable given the Group objects we have created, we will have to perform a little wizardry to manipulate the Group objects. While this does not have to do with FusionAuth specifically, I have abstracted the code for that in the FormatGroupUserJSON function. The code for that will be in the project. Once the API call has returned, you can retrieve whichever values you see as relevant and pass it back in the result object.

Reviewer: Don't tease me! :). you mention `FormatGroupUserJSON` but you don't show that code at all. Please do so.

Author: Boy you love code.  I was trying to keep the code focused on the FusionAuth calls, but will add it.

Author: Added a Link to the code for those that want to dig deeper.

```cs
public async Task<ReturnValue> AddUserToGroup(List<Group> groups)
{
    //returns HttpClient with correct setting for instance
    HttpClient httpClient = GetClient();

    //initialize the return value 
    ReturnValue returnVal = new ReturnValue()
    {
        success = false
    };

    try
    {
        //set the endpoint for creating a user
        string apiURL = $"/api/group/member";

        var payload = FormatGroupUserJSON(groups);
        var content = new StringContent(payload, Encoding.UTF8, "application/json");

>         HttpResponseMessage response = await httpClient.PostAsync($"{Constants.BASE_URL}{apiURL}", content);

Reviewer: Again, have qs about this actually working without the API key. What am I missing?

Author: the httpClient is set with the call to the FusionAuthClient.GetClient().  That contains the droid you are looking for:
```
private HttpClient GetClient()
        {
            HttpClient httpClient = new HttpClient();
            //The Constants class contains the infromation needed for the URL and API KEY.
            //i.e BASE_URL = "http://localhost:9011";
            //i.e. API_KEY = "XLE1_6EawwxDsnM9x81uOqbxaOyO759aMXM25_edSThyPCHPsBT_8M9K";
            httpClient.BaseAddress = new Uri(Constants.BASE_URL);
            httpClient.DefaultRequestHeaders.Add("Authorization", Constants.API_KEY);
            return httpClient;
        }
```

I will look at ways to make this more clear.

Reviewer: Great. Also, please have the API key pulled from a settings file or environment variable.

Author: updated app and done.

            returnVal.success = true;
            returnVal.result = $"Member ID for added user: {result["members"].First().First()[0]["id"]}";
        }
        else
        {
            returnVal.result = $"Adding user to the group failed.\nPayload\n{payload}\n{response}";
        }

    }
    catch (Exception ex)
    {
        Console.WriteLine($"There was an error in the request {ex.Message}");
        returnVal.result = ex.Message;
    }

    return returnVal;
}
```

<br>

## Branding Your User Management with FusionAuth
*“Design is the silent ambassador of your brand.”*

One of the best parts about using the APIs to allow application admins to manage their own users is they never have to leave your application. Users are accustomed to things such as Single Page Applications or at least applications that have a consistent look and feel. Depending on the use case, a user may feel uncomfortable switching to the FusionAuth front end to manage users. While FusionAuth has a well designed and functional front end, the look and feel will likely be different than your application. By using the APIs you can still use all of your own style sheets and design principles.

> You may ask yourself, “If I create a front end for user management in my application, shouldn’t I just create the authentication and authorization framework as well?” The answer to that question is a resounding “No!” The security, power and flexibility FusionAuth gives you has taken a long time to create and perfect. You should focus on providing the unique business value your application provides versus reinventing the authentication wheel. The best part is that you can ride on the shoulders of giants by creating a simple user management interface around the security and power of FusionAuth. You get the best of both worlds. You don’t even have to tell your users you are using FusionAuth. It’s Okay, we don’t mind. We hope we make you look good.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You may ask yourself, “If I create a front end for user management in my application, shouldn’t I just create the authentication and authorization framework as well?” The answer to that question is a resounding “No!” The security, power and flexibility FusionAuth gives you has taken years to build. You should focus on providing the unique business value your application provides versus reinventing the authentication wheel. The best part is that you can leverage our investment by creating a simple user management interface around the security and power of FusionAuth. You get the best of both worlds.

You don’t even have to tell your users you are using FusionAuth. It’s okay, we don’t mind. We want to make you look good, help you secure your users, and let you focus on building the features your users want.
```

> {% include _image.liquid src="/assets/img/blogs/get-more-value/one-does-not-simply.png" alt="One does not simply implement user access management" class="img-fluid" figure=false %}

Reviewer: What is "user access management"? I'm not familiar with that term.

Author: Should I update to CIAM?  Will probably make Brad happy too.

<br>

> 

Reviewer: Might be nice to mention the alternative:

Use a custom admin form, https://fusionauth.io/docs/v1/tech/core-concepts/tenants#form-settings but that may not be flexible enough (in terms of validation, integration or business logic), may cost too much, and/or you may want to limit access to the admin ui.

Author: Added a bit in the Conclusion.

## Conclusion

> These are a few simple examples of how to use the FusionAuth APIs to get more value out of FusionAuth.  Please take some time to explore the [FusionAuth API documentation](/docs/v1/tech/apis/) and get some more ideas of ways to use them to better serve your development.  For instance, we have used the APIs to create a user, but you can do the same thing when deleting users or removing them from an application.  You can do things like monitor an external application and remove the user from FusionAuth on a given event.  By integrating the FusionAuth APIs not only can you automate the validation process, setup users, and make it all look like your own, but you can add almost any ability within FusionAuth to your application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are a few simple examples of how to use the FusionAuth APIs to get more value out of FusionAuth.  Please take some time to explore the [FusionAuth API documentation](/docs/v1/tech/apis/) and get some more ideas of ways to use them to better serve your development.  For instance, we have used the APIs to create a user, but you can use similar APIs to delete users or remove their application access. For example, you can monitor an external application and remove the user from FusionAuth on a given event.  

By integrating the FusionAuth APIs not only can you automate the validation process, setup users, and make it all look like your own, but you can add almost any ability within FusionAuth to your application.
```

<br>

> ## Links

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Next steps
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If you enjoyed this article, please check out some of the other links and resources about FusionAuth.

```
